# Overview

This project aims to familiarize you with various plugins that future clients might require in their projects. Much of the information generated by these plugins will be stored in a database. Therefore, we will create an API in Node.js with MySQL or MongoDB for data storage. This practice is open-ended, allowing you to be very creative, and you might showcase it in various job interviews.

## Objectives

- Practice Bootstrap 5 with Angular.
- Work with popular plugins.
- Create an API in Node.js.
- Develop a CRUD application.
 -Integrate a Map.
- Integrate a Calendar.
- Integrate a Chart.

## Clone repository

Clone the repository to your local machine using the following command: 
git clone https://github.com/adptCode/frontend.git

## Navigate to the project directory

Change your current working directory to the project folder:
cd frontend

## Install dependencies

Install the project dependencies using npm:
npm install

## Configure environment variables:

Create an environment.ts file in the src/environments directory and add your Mapbox token details:
export const environment = {
  production: false,
  mapboxToken: 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx',
};

## Start the backend server:

Ensure that the backend server is running. Refer to the backend project's README for instructions on how to start the server.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.


